Adding prerequisites and a glossary to the documentation (#4299)
external-secrets/external-secrets: docs/introduction/prerequisites.md

### Supported Operating Systems
To collaborate on the External Secrets Operator (ESO) project, it is recommended to use Unix-based operating systems, such as Linux and macOS. ESO's development environment is primarily designed for these systems, and many of the tools and scripts used during development are built to work on them.
### Can You Develop on Windows?
It is possible to use Windows for development, but there are important considerations to keep in mind. Since ESO's development environment is not optimized for Windows, compatibility issues may arise with tools like Make, Tilt, and shell scripts. The project's automation scripts and commands are written for Unix environments, using bash scripting, which might not be compatible with Windows without adaptations. This tutorial will not cover the installation and configuration of tools on Windows due to its complexity and lack of testing.

---

## Install Go (Golang)

<details>
  <summary>About Golang</summary>
  <h3> What is Go?</h3>

>   <p> Go, also known as Golang, is a programming language created by Google. It is known for being efficient, easy to learn, and excellent for developing fast and scalable applications.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p> Go, also known as Golang, is a programming language design at Google by Robert Griesemer, Rob Pike, and Ken Thompson. It is known for being efficient, easy to learn, and excellent for developing fast and scalable applications.</p>
```

    <summary>Installation on Linux</summary>
    <h3>1. Download the Go installation file:</h3>
    <p>Access the official website or use the command below:</p>
    <pre><code>wget https://golang.org/dl/go1.23.3.linux-amd64.tar.gz</pre></code>
    <h3>2. Remove previous Go installations:</h3>
    <pre><code>sudo rm -rf /usr/local/go</pre></code>
    <h3>3. Extract the new Go archive to `/usr/local`:</h3>
    <pre><code>sudo tar -C /usr/local -xzf go1.23.3.linux-amd64.tar.gz</pre></code>
    <h3>4. Update the PATH by adding `/usr/local/go/bin`:</h3>
    <p>Edit the `~/.profile` or `/etc/profile` file and add:</p>
    <pre><code>export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin</pre></code>
    <p>Or run directly in the terminal for the current session:</p>
    <pre><code>export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin</pre></code>
    <h3>5. Apply PATH changes immediately:</h3>
    <pre><code>source ~/.profile</pre></code>
    <h3>6. Check the Go installation and whether it is the supported version:</h3>
    <pre><code>go version</pre></code>
    <blockquote><strong>Note:</strong> For Debian/Ubuntu, you can install Go using Snap:
    <pre><code>sudo snap install --classic go</pre></code></blockquote>

>   </details>

Reviewer: Honestly, I would just link to the Go install page instead of writing this down here, since that is up-to-date.

<details>
  <summary>Installation on macOS</summary>
  <h3>1. Download the Go installation file:</h3>
  <a href="https://go.dev/dl/go1.23.3.darwin-arm64.pkg">Apple macOS (ARM64), macOS 11 or later</a>
  <a href="https://go.dev/dl/go1.23.3.darwin-amd64.pkg">Apple macOS (Intel), macOS 10.15 or later</a>
  <h3>2. Run the downloaded file and follow the installation instructions.</h3>
  <p>The package installs the Go distribution into `/usr/local/go`. The installer should add the `/usr/local/go/bin` directory to the `PATH` environment variable. You may need to restart any open Terminal sessions for the change to take effect.</p>
  <h3>3. Check your Go installation and whether it is the supported version:</h3>
  <pre><code>go version</pre></code>
</details>

<p>If you have any questions or problems installing Go, please consult the <a href="https://go.dev/doc/install">official documentation</a>.</p>

</details>

> ## Install Helm

Reviewer: Again, just link to the official guide.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Installing Helm</summary>
  <h3>Required Version</h3>
  <p><strong>Recommended version:</strong> Helm 3 (latest version of Helm 3).</p>
  <h3>How to Install Helm</h3>

  <details>
    <summary>Installing on Linux</summary>
    <h3>1. Download the installation script:</h3>
    <pre><code>curl -fsSL -o get_helm.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/helm/helm/main/scripts/get-helm-3</code></pre>
    <h3>2. Make the script executable:</h3>
    <pre><code>chmod 700 get_helm.sh</code></pre>
    <h3>3. Run the installation script:</h3>
    <pre><code>./get_helm.sh</code></pre>
    <h3>4. Verify the Helm installation:</h3>
    <pre><code>helm version</code></pre>
  </details>

  <details>
    <summary>Installing on macOS</summary>
    <h3>1. Using Homebrew:</h3>
    <pre><code>brew install helm</code></pre>
    <h3>2. Verify the Helm installation:</h3>
    <pre><code>helm version</code></pre>
  </details>

  <p>For other installation options and details, refer to the <a href="https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/">official Helm installation guide</a>.</p>
</details>

---

> ## Install yq

Reviewer: Link to official doc instead.

Reviewer: Same for the rest the tools. Just plain link to their respective official guides. :)
